[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: There are two other
really important concepts with how webpack
accomplishes what it's doing.
The first is loaders, and so,
if I wanted to write ES6 or
TypeScript, then I would have a loader.
So in this case, Babel,
or the TypeScript loader.
There are six TypeScript loaders.
I don't use TypeScript but I know that
one of them is starting to become king.
I think it's like Awesome TypeScript
loader or something like that.
But yeah, so we say okay, webpack I want
you to take all my JavaScript files and
pipe them through this Babel loader.
You don't use the word pipe, I shouldn't
use that word cuz it's like gulp word.
>> Speaker 2: Stream.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, like stream it,
yeah, you basically just load it,
load it through this Babel loader and
then the Babel loader will spit
out JavaScript at the end.
And then webpack will take that and
resolve all the dependencies and
create the bundle for you,
same thing works with CSS.
This is the CSS Modules logo.
It doesn't have to be like CSS Modules,
but webpack enables CSS Modules and
it's awesome.
You should look into it later,
we're not gonna talk about it today.
So you take your CSS and
you say, hey webpack,
I want you to send that through
the PostCSS loader or the SaaS loader or
whatever, whatever you
wanna author your CSS in.
And it will spit out CSS for you and
then webpack will take that,
resolve all the dependencies, and
then bundle it for you in your bundle.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: So if I am targeting ES6,
I don't need to run through Babel, right?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes, that's right.
>> Speaker 3: But this is only if
I'm targeting today's browsers.
>> Kent C Dodds: That's right, or ancient
browsers cuz most of today's browsers
are pretty well compliant with ES6.
Yeah, because Edge is almost 100% and
stuff.
So good question, so yeah, and even if
you are targeting today's browsers,
there are likely features
like async await maybe or
some ES2016 features that you wanna use.
Cuz we all know when you just wanna use
the exponentiation operator and yeah.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C Dodds: [LAUGH] It's like 2,
it saves you a couple characters
of math.pwo but anyway.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C Dodds: [LAUGH] But
it does include includes,
array includes and so that's kind of nice.
Of course, that's poly fillable, but
anyway the point is that you're probably
always going to be transpiling your
JavaScript whether it's from TypeScript or
using Babel.
Just because there will always be features
that are really nice to be using and
it's kind of a given that you're
going to be using a toolchain anyway.
May as well just stick Babel in there and
then so, images of the same thing.
So remember that everything is a module,
so you can say,
hey take all my image modules and load
them through a couple of webpack loaders.
There's URLLoader or a file-loader and
turn it into a Base64 string that
I can use in my application.
Or if it's too big, then I just want a URL
for wherever that image is gonna be and
webpack will give you a URL and make sure
that the image is accessible at that URL.
So yeah,
that's the whole idea behind loaders.
There are hundreds of loaders and
you can chain loaders together.
So you could say, okay, I want you to take
my JavaScript and first load it through
the eslint loader to lint all my code and
then pass the result of that.
Which, actually, nothing has
changed as a result of that loader.
Pass that onto the Babel loader and
then Babel will transpile it,
and then that's the end of the chain and
then webpack will just use that.
Or we'll look at chaining
a little bit with our CSS and
I'll explain a little bit more
about how the CSS loader works and
the style loader because they're
a little bit on the unique side.
But yeah, chaining loaders,
that's really common.
And loaders are how you take each file and
do something to it before webpack
takes over and does some magic to
the resolution and bundling stuff.
Any questions about loaders?
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, this is either
really good and you're all getting it,
or you're shy.
Yeah, we'll get a good cadence.
Nothing from online, so keep going.
So plugin side of things, yeah,
plugins do everything else, so there are a
bunch of random words and stuff on there.
We'll talk about some of these plugins but
the CommonsChunkPlugin,
we'll use this to take things that we want
to have in a separate bundle altogether.
So that when there are changes to our code
that separate bundle doesn't need to be
changed and
the browser can keep that cache.
Lodash, anybody use Lodash here?
Yeah, awesome, and if you're at home you
can raise your hand and your wife's like,
what the?
[LAUGH] But yeah, so
Lodash has a really cool plugin that
will really shrink the size of Lodash.
Lodash is an enormous library and
it's enormously valuable but yeah,
it's really big and so there's a really
cool plugin to shrink it considerably.
Also, a Babel plugin as well to
enable you to use tree-shaking which we'll
talk about later too, it's really cool.
There's a GZip plugin,
which we won't use but it's interesting.
We won't use it because we're deploying
to a service that GZips for us.
The PrefetchPlugin, we actually won't use
that either because the Service Workers
plugin that we're gonna use will
prefetch all of our chunks for us.
It's going to be so cool!
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C Dodds: Hang on with me
toward the end.
When I realized it was doing this,
I was like what!
Yeah, I'm really excited
to show you that one, yeah.
>> Speaker 5: There was a question if
we'll be seeing an example of using
webpack on CSS and images.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes.
>> Speaker 5: Perfect.
>> Kent C Dodds: Well, on CSS there won't
be any images yet but
we will be doing CSS.
Talk to me after, whoever that was, and
I can show you an example of that.
It's fairly straightforward.
You kind of write everything
the same way you normally would and
you just add another loader.
Good question.
ExtractTextWebpackPlugin, we'll
talk about that.
There's even a plugin to automatically
upload your bundle to S3,
which that was kind of cool.
The DedupePlugin is pretty
awesome because NPM
kind of gets a bunch of flack for
having a whole bunch of little modules and
then you install these little modules and
then you have duplications or something.
So the npm-dedupe command will
kinda fix that problem and
npm3 actually dedupes
your dependencies anyway.
But to take it even a step further,
let's say you had two
npm modules that copy pasted some code,
like some JavaScript file.
The DedupePlugin would be able to tell
that those two files are the same and
dedupe them.
So it would say okay,
these are the same, I'll only use one.
So I've seen that shrink my
build a little bit as well.
So yeah, plugins are pretty much
responsible for optimizing your
resulting bundle and then doing stuff
with the resulting assets as well.